1. What is software Testing?
-- Software testing is a method to check whether the actual software product matches expected requirements and to ensure that 
   software product is detect free. 

2. What is Testing?
-- Four main stages of testing that need to be completed before a program can be cleared for use.
    Unit testing, Integration testing, System testing, Acceptance testing

3. Define black box testing and white box testing?
-- Black box testing: is a type of high level testing in which the primary goal is to evaluate functionalities from a behavioural standpoint.
          In black box testing, the tester does not test the code; instead, they utilize the program to see if it works as expected.
--- White box testing: When we have insight into the code or broad information about the architecture of the software in question, we can perform 
          white box testing, also known as clear box testing. It falls under the category of low level testing and is mostly concerned with integration 
          and unit testing. White box testing requires programming expertise or at the very least a through grasp of the code that implements a 
          particular functionality.

4. Why Regression testing not included?
--- Regression testing is not a separate level of testing. It is just a type of testing that can be performed during any of the four main 
    software testing stages.

5. What is Unit Testing?
--- In this testing, the program is submitted to assesments that focus on specific units or components of the software to determine whether
    each one is fully functional.
    Aim:- To determine whether the application functions as designed.
          A unit can refer to a function, individual program or even a procedure, and a white box testing method is usually used to grt the 
          job done.
    Benefits:- It can be run evrytime a piece of code is charged, allowing issues to be resolved as quickly as possible.
               It's quite common for software developers to perform unit tests before delivering software to testers for formal testing.

6. What is Integration Testing?
--- It allows individuals the opportunity to combine all of the units within a program and test them as a group.
    Is designed to find interface detects between the modules/functions.
    Particularly beneficial because it determines how efficiently the units are running together.

7. What is System Testing?
--- It is the first level in which the complete application is tested as a whole.
    Goal: To evaluate whether the system has complied with all of the outlined requirements and to see that it meet's Quality Standards.
          Is undertaken by independent testers who haven't played a role in developing the program. Performed in an environment that closely 
          mirrors production.
    Importance: It verifies that the application meets the technical, functional and business requirements that were set by the customers.

8. What is Acceptance Testing(user acceptance testing)?
--- conducted to determine whetherthe system is ready for release.
    During this final phase, the user will test the system to find out whether the application meets their business needs.  

9. 